.TH JJFS 1

.TH PWLD 1
.SH NAME
jjfs \- Joakim Jalap's file system
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B jjfs --entry \fIentry\fR [jjfs_opts] [fuse_opts] mountpoint
.BR
.SH DESCRIPTION
Jjfs is a fuse filesystem meant for a specific use case. It is meant to mount a
remote filesystem over sftp (a bit like sshfs(1)) but to minimize disk activity
on the remote system. Therefore a cache is kept on the local system and
consulted for stats. When reading of a file is requested this file is
transferred over sftp to a staging directory on the local machine and then read
from there. This is to minimize disk activity on the remote end (in the temporal
sense).
.SH OPTIONS
jjfs options:
.TP
.BR \-V, \-\-version
Print version and exit.
.TP
.BR \-h, \-\-help
Print help and exit.
.TP
.BR \-s \fIserver\fR, \-\-server \fIserver\fR, \-o server=\fIserver\fR
Server to connect to.
.TP
.BR \-p \fIport\fR, \-\-port \fIport\fR, \-o port=\fIport\fR
Port to connect to.
.TP
.BR \-u \fIuser\fR,\-\-user \fIuser\fR, \-o user=\fIuser\fR
User to connect as.
.TP
.BR \-o cache\-file=\fIcache\-file\fR
The file to store the cache in. Default is \fI~/.jjfs/<name-of-entry>-cache\fR.
.BR
\-c \fIconfiguration file.\fR, \-\-conf-file \fIconfiguration file.\fR
.BR \-o conf\-file=\fIconfiguration file.\fR
File to read configuration from. Default is ~/.jjfs.conf. For a description of
the format, see section FILES.
.BR
\-\-staging-dir \fIstaging directory\fR, \-o staging-dir=\fIstaging directory\fR
Directory where fetched files are stored. This directory must have sufficient
space available to store any file opened.
.SH FILES
.TP
.BR Configuration file.
jjfs will attempt to read its configuration parameters from a configuration
file. If no \-c argument is given, the default location is ~/.jjfs.conf. This
file consists of a few global options and then \fIentries\fR.
.TP
.BR Cache file.
This is were jjfs stores its cache. There will be one cache file per mounted
file system. If no path for it is given on the command line or in the config
file, it will default to ~/.jjfs/<entry>-cache, where <entry> is the name of the
entry in the config file.
.TP
.BR Staging directory.
This is where fetched files will be stored while they are open.
.SH BUGS
Tis program surely leaks memory, but its memory use should be modest enough that
it doesn't really matter.
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
To use the values set for entry 'my-server' in ~/.jjfs.conf and mount on ~/movies
.sp 1
jjfs -e my-server ~/movies
.sp
.TP
Same as above but on a different port.
.sp 1
jjfs --port=50000 -e my-server ~/movies
.sp
.TP
Use the general settings for 'my-server', but mount a different directory at a
different location. This is not good. It's better to make a new entry in the
configuration file.
.sp 1
jjfs -e my-server --remote-dir /home/joakim/music --cache-file ~/..jjfs/music-cache ~/music
.sp
.SH AUTHOR
This man page was written by Joakim Jalap (joakim.jalap@fastmail.com).







